[kvdb*] Make column type u32 instead of Option<u32> (#278)
paritytech/parity-common: kvdb-rocksdb/CHANGELOG.md

[Keep a Changelog]: http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/

## [Unreleased]
### Changed
- Default column support removed from the API
  - Column argument type changed from `Option<u32>` to `u32`
  - Migration `None` -> `0`, `Some(0)` -> `1`, `Some(1)` -> `2`, etc.
- `DatabaseConfig::default()` defaults to 1 column

> - `Database::with_columns` still accepts `u32`, but panics if `0` is provided 

Reviewer: let's also mention that the db should be opened with +1 number of columns for migration

[Keep a Changelog]: http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/

## [Unreleased]
### Changed
- Default column support removed from the API
  - Column argument type changed from `Option<u32>` to `u32`
  - Migration
    - Column index `None` -> `0`, `Some(0)` -> `1`, `Some(1)` -> `2`, etc.

>     - Database must be opened with at least one column

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Database must be opened with at least one column and existing DBs has to be opened with a number of columns increased by 1 to avoid having to migrate the data, e.g. before: `Some(9)`, after: `10`.
```

>     - Database should be opened with +1 number of columns for migration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Database must be opened with at least one column
```

Reviewer: I actually meant that if was previously was opened with `Some(9)`, then it should be opened with 10 columns with the new API to avoid migration.

[Keep a Changelog]: http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/

## [Unreleased]
- Use `get_pinned` API to save one allocation for each call to `get()` (See [PR #274](https://github.com/paritytech/parity-common/pull/274) for details)
- Rename `drop_column` to `remove_last_column` (See [PR #274](https://github.com/paritytech/parity-common/pull/274) for details)
- Rename `get_cf` to `cf` (See [PR #274](https://github.com/paritytech/parity-common/pull/274) for details)
- Default column support removed from the API (See [PR #278](https://github.com/paritytech/parity-common/pull/278) for details)
  - Column argument type changed from `Option<u32>` to `u32`
  - Migration

>     - Column index `None` -> `0`, `Some(0)` -> `1`, `Some(1)` -> `2`, etc.

Reviewer 2: This is not quite correct, see https://github.com/paritytech/parity-common/issues/272#issuecomment-562618192
